Docs 9532 partner manager endpoints doc edits esb (#98)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/endpoint-sftp-receive-target.adoc

= SFTP Receive Endpoint Settings

You can use these settings to set up SFTP endpoints in one of the following contexts:

* Receive from partners +
Receive inbound EDI files from your trading partners used in inbound message flows.
* Source at host +
Receive application messages (in JSON or XML format) from your backend applications used in outbound message flows.

You can create the STFP identifiers for your organization and for your trading partners in the respective xref:configure-host.adoc[host] and xref:configure-partner.adoc[trading partner] profile pages.

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Name |Description | Required
| Endpoint Name
| The name used to identify the endpoint. The value in the `Endpoint Name` field is generated automatically, but can be modified manually.
| Yes

| Owner

> | The trading partner or host that owns the endpoint. The value in this field is populated automatically and cannot be modified.

Reviewer: Please remove "The value in this field is populated automatically and cannot be modified"

Author: Done

When enabled, Mule performs two size checks by waiting the amount of time specified in the `Size check wait time` field. If both checks return the same value, the file is ready to process.

To disable this feature, specify a negative number or omit the value.

| Yes

| Archival Path
| You can specify a path on the SFTP server to store a copy of the file that was picked up from the `source path`.
| No
|===

== SFTP Acknowledgment Endpoint Settings

The configuration options for  Acknowledgment endpoints are the same as the SFTP Receive endpoint, except that the `Source path` and the `Archival path` are replaced by the `Acknowledgement path`.

You can use this setting to specify the SFTP endpoint to which to send acknowledgement files (TA1 and/or 997/999) to your trading partners:

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Name |Description |Required

|Acknowledgement path
| A path on the SFTP server where your trading partner is expecting to receive an acknowledgement (such as TA1 and/or 997/999) related to an EDI transaction they may have sent.
|Yes
|===

> 

Reviewer: This whole section needs to be removed from this doc. We had this with the original GA where we had only inbound capabilities, with Acknowledgements being handled separately. This is not needed anymore and the functionality is aligned with: https://docs.mulesoft.com/partner-manager/2.5/endpoint-sftp-send

Author: Done

== SFTP Target Endpoint Settings

The configuration options for Acknowledgment endpoints are the same as the SFTP Receive endpoint, except that the `Source path` and the `Archival path` are replaced by the `Target path`.

Use this setting to specify the SFTP endpoint to which to route transformed files to an internal SFTP server address within your organization:

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Name |Description |Required

|Target path
| A path on your SFTP server where you can route transformed output for a message flow processed via Anypoint Partner Manager. +
|Yes
|===

> 

Reviewer: Please remove this section. The functionality is aligned with: https://docs.mulesoft.com/partner-manager/2.5/endpoint-sftp-send

Author: Done

= SFTP Receive Endpoint Settings

> You can use these settings to set up SFTP endpoints in one of the following contexts:

Reviewer 2: Do we need "in one of the following contexts"?
To me, it confused what the list I was going to see next actually listed: "these" settings or "the following" contexts.

Reviewer 2: Should we spell out STFP in the intro text, or is your audience completely familiar with it?

Author: Done!

The audience would know what STFP is - it is a general file transfer process.

* Receive from partners +
Receive inbound EDI files from your trading partners used in inbound message flows.
* Source at host +

> Receive application messages (in JSON or XML format) from your backend applications used in outbound message flows.

Reviewer 2: No periods

Author: Done

> You can create the STFP identifiers for your organization and for your trading partners in the respective xref:configure-host.adoc[host] and xref:configure-partner.adoc[trading partner] profile pages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create the STFP identifiers for your organization and for your trading partners in the profile pages xref:configure-host.adoc[host] and xref:configure-partner.adoc[trading partner].
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Name |Description | Required
| Endpoint Name

> | The name used to identify the endpoint. The value in the `Endpoint Name` field is generated automatically, but can be modified manually.

Reviewer 2: ditto prev. questions about UI labels vs. syntax parameter names or values

Reviewer 2: DITTO previous edits to the table texts that follow:

Author: Done!

| Yes

| Owner
| The trading partner or host that owns the endpoint.
| Yes

| Protocol
| The protocol selected in the `Protocol` field of the *New endpoint: Receive from partners* window. The value in this field cannot be modified.
| Yes

| Description
| The user-defined field for describing the purpose and use of the endpoint.
| No

| Host
| The SFTP server host, such as `sftp.mulesoft.com`, `localhost`, or `192.168.0.1`. The host must be accessible from your Mule environment.
| Yes

| Port
| The port number of the SFTP server.
| Yes

| Username

> | The username for the SFTP Server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| The username for the SFTP server.
```

| Yes, if the server is authenticated.

| Password

> | The password for the SFTP Server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| The password for the SFTP server.
```

| Yes, if the server is authenticated.

| Source path

> | The path on the SFTP server to which your trading partner sends  the inbound files.

Reviewer 2: omit extra space
```suggestion
| The path on the SFTP server to which your trading partner sends the inbound files.
```

| Yes

| Polling Frequency

> | The frequency in which the server checks the source path for new files. The value in this field is set to `1 minute` by default.

Reviewer 2: The second sentence here uses the formatting that we want to use above: the value is syntax, but the "field name" is not, I think.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| The frequency in which the server checks the source path for new files. The value in this field is `1 minute` by default.
```

| Yes

| Size check wait time

> | The wait time in seconds between size checks to determine if a file is ready for processing.. The value in this field is set to `1 second` by default. This allows a file write to complete before processing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| The wait time, in seconds, between size checks to determine if a file is ready for processing. The value in this field is `1 second` by default. This allows a file write to complete before processing.
```

> When enabled, Mule performs two size checks by waiting the amount of time specified in the `Size check wait time` field. If both checks return the same value, the file is ready to process.

Reviewer 2: Misplaced modifier: Mule is not the thing enabled.
Specify what is enabled.

Author: Removed - I think this is a superfluous clause.

> To disable this feature, specify a negative number or omit the value.

Reviewer 2: omit the value or delete the default?

Author: This section was deleted as per PM instruction.

| Yes

| Archival Path

> | You can specify a path on the SFTP server to store a copy of the file that was picked up from the `source path`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Specify an SFTP server path at which to store a copy of the file that was obtained from `source path`.
```
